Thanks for having downloaded the Wild West Characters Mega Pack.

Prefabs :

You will find all the prefabs in the "Prefabs" file, drag and drop them in your scene.

Materials :

All the pack is using 1 material and 1 texture, it is available in the "materials" file.
For any reason if you want to change the material shader just clik on the material "1" and select 
the shader you want in the inspector. 


Post processing :

Every picture  you've seen was using post processing.
Post processing is made to enhance the graphics of your game but will cost in performence, that's why
there wasn't much used in this pack.
The post processing profil is available in the post processing file, however there are no effects added
, only the settings of the post process layer were used.

To download post processing please go to "window " then "package manager ", then search for "advanced" 
, "show previewed packages" and scroll down until you find the post processing package.

Once downloaded you can go to you camera settings and add component. Look for "Post process layer" and 
"Post process volume ".

As I mentionned before only the settings from the post process layer were touched.
Trigger : Main camera
Layer : Post processing

Anti-aliasing : subpixel Morphological Anti Aliasing
Quality High



Graphic quality :

Please tick in the camera settings "Allow HDR" and "Allow MSAA".
You can also check that you're project is in the best graphics quality, to do that go to 
"edit", "project settings", "quality" and change to "ultra".



Characters :


As written in the description, all the characters are not animated that's because we're not aloud to use Mixamo rigs,
So all the character in the pack are available in T pose.
However it is really simple for you to automatically rig and animate all the characters from the pack. You just need to go to https://www.mixamo.com/
If you havn't got an account create one. Then just upload the character you want to animate and choose the animation you want to 
use. You also have to download the animation if you want to use a pose.


There you go you're now ready to enjoy your pack, thanks again and for any queries please email : newvision.istudios@gmail.com
